And when we go to config No we have the option of the sphere there as before we can't find any option
college whispered there is no it is available.
The different surveys that we can use Drog to cluster.
So we click on to visit Darrow's we got to it is of course we have option to get of dress but no we
click on we did.
And we need to enable the terrorists in this cluster.
So simply click Duren on this for us on this cluster.
So if we click OK I enabled the DNS and he will walk by using the default configuration.
So let's discover do a different configuration we have into the press.
So the first one is there is automation and you see of course head it is folly be manually or automated.
We click on it to get more detail.
So the option the first one manually that's mean something is to just migration.
If you remember when we talk about the dress we use the expression migration we make great the virtual
machine from house to house or from storage to store.
So when we chose manually Vicenzo said Wiens to just migration a recommendation for virtual machine.
That's me.
When he discover that a virtual machine will be migrated from Hulst 8 host B it will give you our suggestion
and then you need to take action and do it manually degrade this virtual machine from a to b.
Then we have the option Parsa automatically Vitry a machine will be automatically plus it onto a host
at power on.
And the center's role was to just migration accommodation for virtual machine.
That means it will do the function partially and will give you notice that this machine will be run
in this one.
If you accept it it will be passed it automatically.
If not it will stay at the same place they have for the automatic.
That's mean the DNS work alone without need any interaction from you the virtual machine will be automatically
plus it onto a host when powered on and will be automatically migrated from one house to another to
optimize it resource usage.
It will do Calcott automatically and chose do right.
Migration needed for a different virtual machine.
And of course we always always choose the automated but in any reason you can manually or Marcial automatic
because you have a small amount of virtual machine you can use manually to keep track of what's happened
in your environment.
For the smart environment but for those big environment it is always recommended to use fully automated
to have safe environment.
Then we have the negotiation trees hauled we have conservative and accuracy.
If we move this one you have different lawin to migrate the virtual machine in your cluster.
So the conservative I mean we're not going to migrate a virtual machine just by seeing some over loading
hey we need to slow down do migration process.
You see right there on the server will only apply a recommendation that must be taken to satisfy the
cluster constraint.
Like afine to rude and host maintenance.
That's me.
Will use them.
The motion to migrate virtual machine only if there are some of each route can be if you are a route
that this machine will never run at the same host with this other machine.
So what we can do will be Gracedieu.
One of those virtual machines machine to the host.
And also if you have unhorsed in a maintenance mode he will migrate to some machine from the toast to
other holes.
So all those virtual machine will be available for your company.
So this is the big one.
Also if we got to that level to the center server will apply to accommodation that probably is a significant
improvement to the cluster load balance.
That's a significant improvement.
If there are a smart overall they will not take any action if they have a high mean that will damage
your environment.
They do that.
The press will take action and migrate the virtual machine to another Hulst for a safe environment.
Then we have the number three by default Vicent instead of one would apply a recommendation that promised
atlast good improvement to do cluster load balancing.
Then the third one we apply a recommendation that is a moderate improvement.
So I just love it overdo loading and the improvements of the load balance.
Then we have the aggressive one that we would apply accommodation that Brahmin's even a slight improvement
to the cluster loading if there are a small loading in a host automatically McGreal the virtual machine
to another host even there are a slight improvement in New environments.
So sometimes we need to use this one and something we need to use the aggressive one is in the region
about environment and in your situation of course by time you buck right here and see which one will
rise for your investments.
For example if you have a poor hardware for example those old surveiled the top list that is used and
as to how our low speed connection for example your environments have our low speed connection and a
lot of virtual machine in your environment then if every time have a virtual machine migrated from a
host to another host will slow down your network and slow down your environment.
For that you need to use our conservative migration.
But if you have a high speed connection powerful hardware etc. you need to use our aggressive migration
to have a safe environment.
All your controls do live in four or three.
So for us I always prefer to use the aggressive one to harm our powerful environment.
But of course you should take careful if you have for example some big virtual machine just virtual
machine that's had for example three or four terabytes of data.
You should try to of we using DNS because this will cool down your network and your environments.
For example imagine our four terabytes over the top of our virtual machine migrated from that store
to another store.
Imagine how much time will take and your environment will be too slow etc..
So for that it is always the germ of dirt there is for those virtual machine.
And of course this option is available to exclude some virtual machine to not be used by DNS.
So for that we won't use the aggressive one to see a rate environment.
An example.